[Music]
but uh Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Jimmy
Kimmel Live
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel today is Monday
March
130th what year I don't know we are back
on television with the first of what is
hopefully a limited series we call Jimmy
Kimmel Live from his house and this is
my house
it's the only room in my house that's
not completely crusted in play-doh right
now I'm also not making these videos on
my iPad anymore I got a whole system now
I've got three cameras got a few lights
I've got basically the same setup they
used to shoot pornos here the only I
don't have is people everything is being
operated remotely tonight from space
Mike Pence is controlling this show from
the Mars rover right now I hope you had
an OK weekend I had a chilling thought
last night I hesitate to even mention
this because I feel like if I don't know
I feel like if I do it won't happen so
I'm gonna mention it as bad as this all
is and I'm not talking about the serious
stuff people dying I'm talking about the
inconvenience of staying at home there
is one thing that can make it a lot
worse and that would be if the Wi-Fi
goes out god forbid could you imagine I
don't know what I'd even do I'd probably
just go to a rave and surrender to the
virus if someone asked me to choose
between Wi-Fi and running water right
now I would drink my pool my daughters
and I played Animal Crossing all day
yesterday on Nintendo switch have you
seen this game alright there's nobody
here
anyway shout out to Tom Nook and Timmy
at the shop but my point was the
internet is still chugging along it's
providing us with hundreds if not
thousands of entertaining videos to make
the day shorter so many of you have been
coming up with and sharing fun and
unusual ways fun usual ways to pass the
time and tonight's is a good one too
this is our quarantine killer of the
night
[Music]
it's like a party version of Silence of
the Lambs
I like that well done you know for a lot
of people like myself today began our
third week of quarantine and this is
when your survival skills start to kick
in this is when we get resourceful one
of the guys who worked on our show an
industrious young man named max ran out
of toilet paper and obviously you can't
just go out and buy it right now so max
went to Amazon and searched novelty
toilet paper and this is what he found
he found a roll that says holy poop
emoji or 50 by the max is 29 but his ass
is 50 and it's not like anyone's coming
over so good for him at the White House
today Jim Acosta of CNN snapped this
photograph of White House staffer
bringing in rolls of paper towels
I hope those were a gift from Puerto
Rico I really do the President had his
daily press briefing yesterday in the
White House Rose Garden which gave him a
chance to use his outside voice outside
for a change and you can see he's really
putting out some positive energy a
little more positive it's always trying
to my question to you how did you get
you and you know what that's why nobody
trusts the media anymore yeah I didn't
hear me that's why you used to work for
The Times and now you work for somebody
else read the statement read the
statement read what I said who you with
Bloomberg right I can't imagine that
excuse me ready ready ready take a look
at what it said I want them to be
appreciative of me okay and then you cut
it off because it's fake news un of your
administration please your statement and
your response and your answer is a lie
thank you
please please that's enough
look let me tell you something be nice
he's nice why can't everyone else be
nice he just wants us all to be nice is
that too much to ask
the president also took time during this
deadly national emergency to brag about
the ratings for his press conferences
the American public ultimately they
should be the decider it's like if they
don't want to watch they shouldn't watch
and we shouldn't have bigger ratings in
The Bachelor or as the New York Times
said we have Monday Night Football type
ratings now I didn't say that I have no
idea what they are in a sense but I know
that the times they say it's all the
news that's fit to print I say it's all
the news it's not fit to print because I
think they are not honest people but
that's ok but they can't help it but
even they said that the ratings are like
Monday Night Football ratings and that
these are like bachelor finale that's
their end when the big deal happened I
have no idea what happened because I'm
too busy working and there's somebody
who will tell me what happened so no I
think it's terrible you think what's
terrible I thought you were happy you
were happy about the ratings what what
is terrible you know I hear words coming
out of your mouth but I don't know what
they mean I will say this it's strange
how the New York Times lies about
everything except his TV ratings and by
the way just because people are watching
you doesn't mean it's good have you
heard of the masked singer right now
half of this country is watching a show
about a bunch of toothless methods
abusing Tigers but the president is very
proud of himself and couldn't resist
blowing his big orange horn on Twitter
too he wrote because the ratings of my
news conferences etc are so high
bachelor finale Monday Night Football
type numbers according to the New York
Times the lamestream media is going
crazy
Trump is reaching too many people we
must stop him said one lunatic see you
at 5:00 p.m.
yeah let's meet up for unhappy hour the
positive news is the president for once
appears to have listened to someone
despite originally saying everybody'd be
back to work by Easter he announced that
he will extend social distancing
guidelines through April 30th so Purell
has frozen over I'm honestly surprised
he didn't just say he's moving Easter I
spoke to Jesus he said sir
if you need to move Easter I will wait
to rise again you know many if not every
state is running desperately low on
medical supplies especially ventilators
and masks Oh Trump because he can't ever
be at fault for anything has suggested
that someone at the hospital
must be stealing them he said
something's going on
where are the masks going are they going
out the back door yeah like someone
pinched a crate of silverware from one
of his casinos in Atlantic City what is
what on earth but what is he implying
that after work these nurses get off
their 12-hour shift and steal masks so
then go sand a deck in their backyard
you know when you overhear something at
another table at a restaurant that's so
crazy you want to say something but your
wife tells you not to and then you think
about it all night our president is the
guy sitting at that table he had another
doozy of a press conference today he
invited a group of major business
leaders to join him to discuss their
efforts to help with emergency relief
including the CEOs of Honeywell Procter
& Gamble Jockey United Technologies and
the guy from my pillow
our president gave us so much hope we're
just a few short months ago we had the
best economy the lowest unemployment and
wages going up it was amazing with our
great president vice president and this
administration and all the great people
in this country praying daily we will
get through this and get back to a place
that's stronger and safer than ever
please come I did not know he was gonna
do that but he's a friend of mine and I
do appreciate it well you know what you
invite the guy from my pillow you made
your own bed literally meanwhile I hope
Trump doesn't find out about this
because he will be very jealous a bakery
in Rochester New York called doughnuts
delight is selling doughnuts featuring
the face of dr. Anthony foutch II there
he is
his face is printed on top of a thick
layer of buttercream making doughnuts to
bring attention to a health crisis might
be the most American thing any American
has ever done so congratulations to them
I also want to wish a happy doctor's day
- Anthony foul she and all the medical
professionals out there not just for
what they're doing right now for oh but
for all year we show them our weird
bodies and they don't laugh at us and we
really do appreciate that - you know a
very good way to thank doctors right now
is to follow their orders when they tell
you to stay home many people are not in
the midst of all this there are people
throwing coronavirus parties for real a
guy in Maryland threw two coronavirus
parties last week and look I don't want
anybody to get coronavirus except for
that guy in Maryland I would like and if
if possible I'd like him to get two of
them police in some cities in the south
are also having trouble with churches
where pastors are refusing to close
because they believe God will protect
them from the virus one Pentecostal
church in Louisiana had more than a
thousand people show up this weekend and
they were hugging and touching and
laying hands on each other which is not
good it is bad for everyone you know
it's important to remember that you
don't have to go to church you don't
even have to leave your home to
celebrate the word of the Lord because
rest assured TV televangelist Kenneth
Copeland is busy on the case thank you
Jesus office
the prophet of God anyone else get the
sense the guy in the glasses isn't
really buying it let's look at him again
yes maybe we can get some eggs too Lord
Lordy of all the dopey things that have
been posted online over the past couple
of weeks this might be the dopiest the
instagrammy for most tone-deaf response
to the coronavirus goes to billionaire
David Geffen who over the weekend posted
this photo of his super yacht to
Instagram with the caption sunset last
night isolated in the Grenadines
avoiding the virus I'm hoping everyone
this thing's safe obviously that didn't
go over great people went nuts on Geffen
so much though he had to delete his
Instagram account which is probably for
the best listen no one wants best wishes
from a super yacht right now if I was
president that's the first ship I'd make
them turn into a hospital I'd pull that
right in the harbor and loaded up with
cots like everyone this weekend my wife
and I watched the Tiger king on Netflix
unfortunately we had to wait to watch
until we put the kids asleep so I
thought it might be helpful to combine
Netflix with Disney Plus to create a new
version of the tiger King not just for
adults but for the whole family I've had
my days of coke I had my day so drinking
I had my days of meth you're leading me
down a road where people are just gonna
say you have to join a cult to be a
tiger trainer promise yeah been here 35
years heard it all forever
I was Joe's campaign manager for about a
year and a half
it was a worst experience in my life
it was horrible horrible horrible you
know you cool cats and kittens to scare
off a big cat rescue oh my god I'm never
gonna financially recover from this
Travis was not gay okay Travis was
banging every girl in the park
[Music]
mom imagine
Hakuna Matata
hey oh you know what I we've got joining
us from his home our pal dear Moe how
you doing Guillermo I'm doing great
Jimmy
Guillermo why are you not wearing your
security uniform you should be in full
uniform protecting me virtually at all
times oh I'm sorry I forgot to go get in
a dry clean do you drop that stuff off
yourself you do your own dry cleaning
yeah I drop it at the dry cleaner yes I
do it okay very good
all right everything's good at home
everything is fine yes to stay safe what
everything is fine
trying to stay safe okay I think I said
yesterday steak no I say I'm fine I'm
trying to stay safe I think you know
over here where we're apart for a while
Guillermo forgets how to speak English
but you work on that right